暂存区与工作目录和版本库有何不同？你认为它具有什么价值？

Working Directory
Working Area, using “git add” to add files to staging area

Staging area
It is a place to store files for making a commit so that they become a new commit in a repository.

Repository
It contains all the versions of all file that is in the repository.

Staging area is used to prepare files to be committed. After files are committed, they will become a new commit in repository.


“git diff” will compare working directory and staging area
“git diff —-staged” will compare staging area and the most recent commit in the repository
“git diff commit_#1 commit_#2” will compare two commits in the repository

“git show commit_#1” will compare commit_#1 with its parent (useful after merging branch to master, where branch and master commits are mixed together) 将提交与所在分支进行对比

“git reset —-hard” will left all modifications in the working directory and staging area. !!!Be careful, in repository you can always go to a previous version/commit without loosing anything in the current one. But reverse the working directory or the staging area will never be able to redo.

如何使用暂存区确保为每项逻辑更改进行一次提交？

I will “git add” any logical change to staging area and use “git commit” to commit to the depository.


在哪些情况下，分支可以帮助你有序地组织历史记录？分支将如何提供帮助？

When I try to add another feature but I’m not sure that this is good. The branch give me a  risk-free environment to try new ideas.

Master branch is a quality branch and it always works. A new branch is used to try something new, add a unique feature or experimental task.

A new branch for every feature and bug-fix.

git checkout -b new_branch_name = git branch new_branch_name; git checkout new_branch_name


图表如何帮助你直观显示分支结构？

use this command: “git log —-graph —-oneline branch1 branch2”


“git branch -d branch_nam” -d delete a branch name after merge, previous branch commits become master commits.

将两个分支合并到一起有何结果？为什么我们在图表中表示它的方式是那样的？

When two branches are merged, one branch will keep its name and the other branch’s name can be deleted. Two branches’ commits will mixed together and sort by time.






